Hey it's Mei Yu! It's Fun2draw an easy rose, step by step.
You can draw this pretty rose for your loved ones, friends, or family, or you can send
them this video to surprise them!
First, I'm going to start with a swirl, just like this:
and I'm going to draw
a bit of the other side, so now this area kind of looks like the letter "Y".
And now, I'm going to draw
part of the petal like that
and on the other side, too.
You can add these little lines in there to make the flower look more natural.
And now you can layer some of the other
petals... so this one's going to be wrapped
around like that
and let's curve out this side.
There's gonna be another bigger petal,
just like that!
Let's add one more.
After you're done drawing this pretty rose, you can draw the other things on my
Fun2draw channel, like my
"5 ways to Draw a Rose" or my Fun2draw "Flower Heart" for Mom.
Now you can finish up the rose by adding a slender stem.
I'm drawing a nice leaf,
right there.
I'd love to hear about what you think
of this video!
After you're done watching it,
please comment below to tell me :)
If you like this
nice rose, please thumbs up, favorite,
and share this drawing video with your friends!
I've got new Fun2draw videos every week.
Please SUBSCRIBE here so you won't miss any new ones. And you can watch my
other Fun2draw videos by clicking here.
Or, you can choose which one you want to watch next. Thanks for watching and sharing my videos
everyone!